---
title: "A1"
date: 2025-04-07T20:08:12-05:00
description: "all clear"
image: images/cctv2.jpeg
imageAltAttribute: CCTV Camera
tags:
   - pit person
   - peace
   - hope
   - project management
   - motivation
---

## Day 1. All clear.

So things feel peaceful. I think they fired Maya, I still have access to the Culvers slack and today they had a manager meeting and book club. I kind of wish i didnt miss those but today was also truck day so some poor fool had to do truck and those meetings and nobody there is really cut out for doing truck. Maybe they can do it for **a** week, but when it comes to week**s** thats when things will add up. Their bodies are shit, their joints will hurt, they will be expected to do regular store duties and clean and shift change and deal with the crew. Other managers and crew will leave. I didn't give much direction but I did provide a calm and stable role model that didnt cause trouble and did a shit ton of work. Also, nobody knows how to do a meeting i was excited to be the voice of honesty and real discussion. Farewell bacon triple, fries and cheese curds. The signature and boom boom sauces will be missed. I am empathetic towards aydin, skyler, evelina, madison, erika and brittany. Maybe Zach. Maybe Jamar. Much less towards Ted. Pat has already reignited the FOH vs BOH fights. Oooo, I just got the feeling that the book club meeting flopped hard. Eh I feel bad for andrew. Hes too nice and kind of put a bunch of yes people around himself that arent very honest. Problem I do not need to solve. Best of luck to you all, the next few weeks will be hard. 

I feel like theres a reason I havent been removed from the slack yet. Maybe they ask me to come back. This would be at a higher rate... 27 an hour, with a 2k signing bonus. Maya and Alexis have to be gone. Free meals, break when I want. 1k severance thats paid out when I leave, I can waive it if everyone has been polite. 

Exercie, Apply, Game making, leetcode, maybe work a few days at the smoke shop. Photography? Joke writing? Lets go. The sky is blue and the days are good.