---
title: "A3"
date: 2025-04-12T18:46:29-05:00
description: "inspiring"
image: images/cctv2.jpeg
imageAltAttribute: CCTV Camera
tags:
   - pit person
   - peace
   - hope
   - project management
   - motivation
---

## Day 3. All clear.

What does it mean to be an artist? What is the thing thats happening? Focus and determination are such a weird property of life. Where does that come from? It seems like a lot of success comes out of spite. Is this the fire behind all of human progress? I'll show you. 

When you're poor the lottery is appealing. Imagining winning feels nice. Imagining all the people I'd share it with and how happy they'd be has become a weekly exercise. You make plans in your head, how much you'd give to different people. Maybe spite a few of them in a semi-public way. When I was making a lot of money, the lottery, gambling, these kinds of ideas were nowhere in my thoughts and its interesting to see them pop up. 

Chase Hooper and Jim Miller are fighting and this is a very fun matchup. I feel like I can cook dark meat (chicken) forever. It's gonna be fine. I've gotten back in to reading - three body problem. Reading something written by someone from China has got a whole bunch of cultural things, mixed in with the sci-fi that I find refreshing. Some of it reminds me of growing up in Singapore but a lot of times it makes me thing of history and society and control and devious people at the top, plotting. When money isnt a problem you dont think about it. Making 5k a pay period is comfortable. Working for other people is a chore. Does everyone go through this process? I have to make my own job then. I felt like I had to create my own motivations as a manager at Culvers. Put my break at the end of a particularly uninspiring part of work so I would get through it fast. That place didn;t have enough structure. After speedruning manager there was nothing left to shoot for. Trying to whip the team into shape is one of those neverending tasks so trying to organize management to move as a team was the secondary task. But that was just as hard as whipping the regular team or even harder from certain viewpoints. We need meetings, we need trello or jira, we need to organize. After so many attempts you give up and focus on how do you make the work the most palatable for you, personally. Is that selfish? It didn't feel like it. Let em be upset. The people getting upset are the lazy ones. The ones that want that option to be selfish but aren't willing to work for it. You want it? Go do the truck. No? Ok. You have opinions, great, go do them. Oh they're for other people? Go tell them. You want something, do it yourself. It's remarkable how comfortable I've gotten after accepting the base idea of: honesty will give me the best outcome in all situations, and let people feel how they want. I spent a lot of my life feeling like I needed to do something if someone felt bad, mad, upset, frustrated. How much I felt like I needed to solve someone elses problems or feelings. Let them do whatever they want. I dont need to convince anyone anything. Some people want to do a good job, good. Some people want to do a bad job, also good. Just dont expect to stick around. 