---
title: "A6"
date: 2025-05-19T18:14:34-05:00
description: "eh"
image: images/cctv2.jpeg
imageAltAttribute: CCTV Camera
tags:
   - pit person
---

## Day Something.

What is the point? Jesus christ, there is no logic anywhere in this relationship. I will never be able to reason with my mother, she is just too old and stubborn. Her thinking will only get worse. She will keep getting scammed by scammers because she cant help herself and isnt capable of honest conversation. I hate it. Can't do anything. She will die before she is honest, which means we will never be able to have the kind of relationship I would hope for. Pride. In nothing really. Its in the way of everything.

Its so weird. I cant understand when she gets angry, why she does. If I ask about it, she can't explain it either. There are some assumptions built into it, that I think have to do with pride or respect or something like that. Whenever someone is talking about respect a lot of the time its because they have an inflated sense of self or a lack of self respect/love. Something like that. Right now I feel like we're in the yo-yo. This is something I watched a lot as a kid. When i was a teenager she was going through menopause and was going crazy during my most rebellious years. In an argument, there is a cadence. One person yells, then the other person yells. Maybe theres some "smart" comment in the middle that makes one person feel bad and pull back. Then the tides turn because of another comment. That pulling back and forth is the yo-yo. She still has this muscle memory for arguing but I don't play this game anymore. Maybe she would like it better if I played. I dunno. Its so silly. 