---
title: "A8"
date: 2025-05-27T19:25:14-05:00
description: "back to hell"
image: images/cctv2.jpeg
imageAltAttribute: CCTV Camera
tags:
   - pit person
   - motivation
---

## Day Back.

Jesus christ. So staying at Margos with Daph was so nice and refreshing. It reinvigorated my sense of peace in the world and my connection to the feeling that things could get better. The day after getting home I find out that my mom thinks shes been talking to Elon Musk and they are dating and she is going on a trip with him? WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK. My sister is going to get law enforcement involved I think, which is good and its about time. I am doubletiming my jobbing efforts, there is no time to dilly dally and wallow in my self pity, like I have been. This is just how things are, my mom and I will never have an honest relationship because she lies to herself to much. I feel like I have failed because having a good relationship with her was something I put on my "must complete" list of things before she dies. Because I was so absent when my father died, I was determined not to let that happen with my mother. We will have a good relationship. Sorry. Thats just not on the table. This will be a relationship full of her lying and me doing my best to pretend like she's not losing her mind. Reasoning, logic, common sense, not gonna happen. Ego, mood swings, pain, genuflection, pity. Thats the menu.

When someone gets scammed or lied to, usually they are mad at the person who was the scammer or the liar. Not the person protecting them. But thats not how she sees it. Nicole and I are in the way of what she wants to do. Which is trust random people on the internet with her emotions, personal data, and buy them tons of gift cards in return for endless delays on money, teslas, trips, you name it. Eventually, we will have to take control of her assets in court beacuse she is too proud to admit she's losing it or needs help. 