---
title: "Day1"
date: 2025-03-29T15:17:52-05:00
description: "its pretty bad"
image: images/cctv.jpeg
imageAltAttribute: CCTV Camera
tags:
   - pit person
   - hopeless
   - buger mines
   - project management
---

## Day 1. Burger mines.

The day is rough. Things go smooth for a while. The change over form is my work, of course, there will be no assistance. This is normal. The trash, the dishes, set, the running, the cleaning, the pulling - all me. Thats ok. Things are not a problem if everyone else is actually doing their job. For whatever reason Alexis wants to be mean and does not want me to eat food that was double made. She got upset and worked up over this, I have a feeling she got embarassed halfway through and then decided to not do shit for the rest of the shift and avoid me. Maya also is lazy and just wants to say a bunch of things that she "cant do because shes too busy" ok I can do them, but shes just pointing out how much shes failing. Aside from being out of dress code with her nails for the week, she also is unhelpful and rude to guests typically more than once per shift. Brittany does well, she doesnt crash, we had 3 or 4 $1500 hours, which is a lot of work. I moved about 10 miles during the shift while Alexis and Maya were being rude children. Why do we keep them? Is it because she's got a kid? Alexis can do set and custard but she's dead set on trying to be a shitty person every other day. 

## there is no hope

Nobody is coming to save us. The best I can do is write out a plan and then pray the rest of the management team try to do some of it. a lot of it boils down to is andrew going to back this and if he doesnt, well, its not going to go anywhere. Using PM tools and having a plan, following through, are really the only way we can do this. The change will take work and then the follow through is simple, but getting buy in is most likely not going to happen. If I hire somebody I would like for them to be able to work and execute autonomously but theres this weirdness about trying to make things better by yourself. Its like the rest of the managers want andrews OK before doing something. Zach didnt want to try and teach the loop because he thought andrew wrote something up that he'd present at a meeting a month away. Which was enough reason, in his mind, to not try and make things better now. What? Why? He's probably the best manager we've got right now but he's kneecapping himself. You can just make things better. I feel like my strategy of, find the work people are avoiding, and then do it - is a pretty good stragety. It is thankless though. I do not go around looking for recognition or announcing the things I am doing. this is something Ted does that kind of botheres me. Theres a level of insecurity there, which, for him is necessary. He can play 38 laws of power all he wants, and he's not using it maliciously, which is good but it is very obvious and a little silly. Jamar has become invisible. Some newhires have already come and gone. Our culture is terrible. If I look in the slack there are pages of "not good enough" and I cant even remember the last time there was any praise. Culture comes from the top down and I can't change how the rest of the management team feels and interacts with themselves and the team. If I didn't exercise on Friday, I probably would have quit after Alexis was so rude. So I need to keep up the exercise, it did take the backseat for a while and when that happens life just feels terrible. To avoid the soul crushing weight of the Culvers of Georgetown management position, I need to keep up the exercise so I can do whats required to get through a day and not have the complaints of the team/public get me down. Andrew is very sensitive to online comments, which is a shame because giving the internet the keys to how you feel is a very dangerous way to operate, but I wont be the person to get him to change that. 

## perspective experiment

What is it like in everyones shoes?

Zach: Nice guy, I'm kind of drawing a blank here. Things arent great and hmm he goes to school.. I don't think a lot is going on there right now. He probably. I dunno. not sad, not happy, most genuine

Ted: Trying to get kudos for what he does. Probably thinking of something else, hes going to get more people to interview. The next step... he already got a black shirt, oh its try to become GM. So to become that he needs... what does he need to do. All the stories he tells are about how he saved the day, hes the center of the universe. not sad, not happy, big pretender

Brit: going through a rough time with the... ex? baby daddy? it sounds like a bad situation and shes keeping her cool at work after the friday. Shes pretty checked out depending on the day. I just work here. not sad definitely not happy

Jamar: invisible on slack, invisible at work although its always nicer when theres 2 managers instead of one up front. not sad not happy, scared in different ways, probably a very relatable soundtrack in his head

Andrew: frustrated with all the managers, they cant get the team to do what the need to and getting pressured from the family about not spending enough time with them. They need to start hitting hard. Do things different. Hes able to handle a lot of stress. How do I get them do get the team good? Teaching managers how to manage. Thats an interesting idea but it also doesnt really exist right? Why does that happen... I think theres some more discoverlink videos I need to watch actually. Theres so many things to worry about for the restaurant, schedule is coming up and theres so many new people. I think that hes probably done a ton of nice things for the staff but hasnt said anything about them and feels resentful. The owner is a thankless position. Truck is also a thankless position, same with porter. All those early morning spots nobody cares about how much effort is put there because its all expected to be done and ready. I suppose all jobs are kind of like that, just do the job. Everyone is feeling like their efforts are going unnoticed and when extra effort is spent it doesnt feel like there is any payoff or payback for it. Over time the calculation is made that extra effort doesnt equal extra good feelings. It just means extra tired. Extra spent. 

What is the right thing to do? What are even the core values? Delight in every moment. Practicing kindness. Do the right thing. Wow - we are super far off from this. Delight in every moment feels like very far off. Practicing kindness sounds like it can be easy for most of the staff. Do the right thing also feels like easy for most of the staff. Really its a few people that make it feel impossible though. I havent seen ashlee for a while. I wonder whats going on there. Shes still there. I have a headache, I'm 7-3 tomorrow, I dont think alexis will be there. I'll have to confront her the next time I see her about the other day, or not? What should I do. DO i have a conversation or not? Should I try and fire people? Do I just accept that this battle is lost? I should give it one last push. One last hurrah.

How things are now: People hate this job. They dont want to come in, they do the bare minimum, dont listen to direction. Theres friction between.. who causes friction? maya, alexis, carrion, brittany, truett, kat, madji, jamar. These people can have a negative impact on motivation and harmony. I think brit and jamar are worth keeping though. Everything is pretty much on fire and the plan has been - dont crash and do whatever andrew is most upset about. Trying to fight the fire of the week is not a way out of the fire its just a way not to get burned. 

What needs to happen? We need first to feel like a team, as managers. Work together. Appreciate each other and start good culture. Culture is top down. If the managers start doing the core values and helping each other, it will trickle down but also when the rest of the team is not itll stick out and be addressable. No more excuses and chances for anything. Nothing. Maya has been out of dress code all week with her nails. She should be gone. Shes terrible to guests, shes terrible to her co workers. Napoleon/chihuahua complex. I feel like Aydin has gotten resentful or something towards me, which is fine but I wish I knew why. I wonder if hes been not nice with my openness towards him. Maybe some conversations with Andrew. Probably something like that and now hes become standoffish. I'm not upset though. Theres plenty of people who will carry the torch of my frustration. Aydin is someone most likely will not be upset with because he reminds me of a younger version of myself in many ways. 